Grids: Add AI Column API descriptions (#8121)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/40 Common Types/15 grids/ColumnAIOptions/showHeaderMenu.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Configures visibility of the AI header menu button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configures menu button visibility in the AI column header.
```

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Configures visibility of the prompt editor button within the AI column's header.

Reviewer 2: I'd say it controls visibility of header menu. This menu has three items:
- Open Prompt Editor
- Regenerate Column
- Clear Column
